Great question. Let me explain what
those threads are doing. So the threads
are transactions from the follow list
reads your follow list. People to follow
parallel API calls. Each thread calls
spy API. Why 10 threads? More threads
equals faster. Yeah, but why is it
running during the next cycle in 2
minutes and 56 seconds? You know, I feel
like that should run when we need we're
about to make we need some we're about
to run that po portion, right? So,
instead of running it all the whole time
while it's sleeping, shouldn't we run it
once we're done sleeping?
Let me check your current settings to
see where Miniax is configured. Okay,
maybe I wrote that down somewhere. Let's
go ahead to my directory. I hope I did.
Didn't
Mini Max
Let's go ahead here.
You're right to question that, but let
me clarify. Actually, the threads don't
run during sleep. Looking at the code
again. Just checks this. The threads in
thread pool executor only run when bot
26 actually executes. It's every 10
minutes when the cycle triggers during
the sleep continuation. It just sits
there. So where is the 331 coming from?
The memory is accumulated across cycles.
It's not from threads running during
sleep. Here's what's happening. Cycle
runs. Thread executes.
Data loaded into memory. Cycle ends.
Goes to sleep. 10 minutes. The issue is
the data frames created in previous
cycle aren't being deleted.
That makes more sense. Um,
can we go ahead and fix that?
We still need that data in the CSVs. So
hopefully you're able to save them in
somewhere but not in the memory.
I see the Miniax file JSON to switch
back to open 4.8. We have a couple
question say currently active
shrunk clock code normally it uses say
not JSON.
Now see the thing is I need you to
change the settings here because I don't
know how to do it. I need to go back.
>> Imagine you had everything you wanted.
>> Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
Capture that feeling.
>> That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
done. All right, let's go ahead and say
here, does it change back? Hopefully.
Miniax 2.5
model maybe Mini Max 2.5.
I'm cooked, dude. Whatever I did to
switch it.
It's weird because when I open it back
up, I'm still on the Miniax 2.5.
Uh I even went to /model and changed it
back to Opus.
It's somewhere like in my settings
config. We made uh a flag e make it to
make it easy to switch between miniax
m2.5 and opus
done. Here's what I changed. Fixes added
GC
was making DF. Okay. Then modifying it
now. Added raw data. Okay. Added cleanup
and fetch transactions from follow list.
Added cleanup and check single wallet.
add to clean up in bot 26. Okay, so
let's go ahead here and say, oh snap, we
need we need Solana, it says. Okay, so
let's get some Solana in there as well.
How do we get Solana in there? Well,
dude, I got a bot for that. I got a bot
or agent for everything. A bot or an
agent for everything, dude. Let's go get
some cash back. You close these
accounts. I got 73 accounts I got to
close. I'm going to get hella cash back.
I'm getting mad cash back, B.
And then on top of that, I think I'm
going to go ahead and buy just a little
bit of Solana. Maybe like five bucks.
Now, let's go ahead and see how much
cash I get back.
Okay, let me check. Okay, so anthropic
default model. See, there we go. Look at
that. I see the issue looking back. It's
this anthropic model. These environment
variables override the model. Can you
tell me how you're switching? Yeah, I
actually don't know about that flag. So
maybe you could just go ahead and switch
that part back to Opus 4.6 so I can be
back on that. I did switch to Miniax,
but I think that was just for funsies. I
know that a lot of broke boys follow me,
so I'm just trying to help you out. I'm
going to use 4.6 opens 4.6 every day
and I understand like I I want to help
as well. So when I see an opportunity
like that, $10 a month instead of 200,
I'm going show you guys. I cooked myself
by showing you guys and that's okay
because I know at least 10 of you guys
now have access to a gentic AI and I
believe code is a great equalizer.
Done. Switch it back. Let's see if
that's fact.
That's a thing gang. It's not fact.
Um, I'm not sure if it it's working cuz
I I closed out and I got back in. And
you can see it still shows Miniax 2.5.
Same model here.
What model are you?
Want me to restart the bot? I already
did, shorty. So, thank you. So, thank
you, Guardian Angel. I appreciate you.
Notes taking a lot up. Google Chrome
taking a lot up. Okay. Well, I mean,
that makes sense. I've got all these
tabs open here.
You can see default haiku is mini
maximum 2.5.
Data is still being saved. Good, good,
good, good.
Let's close some of these.
1 minute ago. 16 seconds ago.
Okay. Do I have um
All right. I don't even have uh
MetaMask on here, dude.
I want to look through some of those
bots while she's while we're trying to
fix that. I'm going to go ahead and look
through some of my extended bots here
cuz I've been running them here for
a couple days now. Well, I'm always
running them. It's just I tested some
new things and I want to go ahead and
see how they're doing.
So account one, two, and three
starting here. Okay.
So today I'm building a bunch of trading
bots here. You can see this is one of
them I'm looking into here and you can
see that it's been running all night. I
process I start with is research back
test and incubate. You can see it's
making buys and sells overnight. It's in
a choppy market here. P&L positive
little loss. So 3 + 3 negative.38
plus 2.4 negative 2.8 + 11 + 3 + 4 so +
5. So it's looking like it's doing
pretty well. What I want to do here
today is dive deeper into these stats
and how this bot is running. This using
an extended, but this is the same type
of exchange as Hyperlid or any of these
other per deckes. I'm going to dive
deeper into this bot and build for a
bunch of other exchanges as well. And at
the end of the day, the goal is to have
automated trading bots that trade for
you 24/7, 365 while you sleep. As you
can see, this is 8:00 a.m. So, this is
30 minutes ago. This one is at 4:51 a.m.
I was in REM. 4:34 a.m. I was in REM.
10:30 last night, I was in REM, dude. So
yeah, automated trading is the only way
to go in my book. I'll show you
everything.
So right now I'm building out um
analyzing
extended
bots. Okay. So let's see if this is
fixed yet. I can't find anything where
those environments exist. The issue is
that your current terminal session has
these miniax various loaded from
somewhere and they're overriding.
Open a new terminal, not a new tab in
the same window. Try clog code there.
That's a good good way to look at it
actually.
So let's go ahead and try that. Let's
say new here.
Okay. Um T
and then C here.
Okay. Okay. We're back. We're back.
Claude Max. So maybe it's just that
I need to kill all these or something.
>> David.
Yeah. Our slogan must be learn baby
learn so that we can earn baby earn
777 Kenny good to see you bro MCO, good
to see you, dude. My first stream. P
says777. Kelly, what's up? What's up,
Chessman? 777. Good to see you guys.
Good to see you all. Rate limit. Rate
limit reached. What are you talking
about? Rate limit reached.
I wonder what account I'm on here.
Let me go ahead and get on to my um as
you know may know I set up a second
account for openclaw
and um
anyways I canceled that cuz I don't use
opus for my open claw.
So, I'm going to go ahead and get back
into my my account that's actually
active and then get all set up on cloud
code because it looks like I am using
my other one.
So, rest in peace Cracker account.
You're gone now.
Login successful. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Not financial advice, of course. Okay,
so let's go ahead here and say launch.
Launch the app
API error rate limit reach. What the
hell, dude?
No way.
So, let's go to Claude over here. Well,
maybe it's in here as well. Say Claude.
Okay.
Um, settings
usage
Dude, I cooked myself.
Okay, we're back. We're back.
Model. Let's just change the model to
default. It's 4.6.
Launch the app.
Guardian Angel saved me already today.
Wow.
All right, we're on 4.6 now.
Hyperlquid data layer Mundav AI trading
bots.
What I'd like you to do is look at that
new HIP3
trading bot section we have with the um
currently CL.
Anyways, what I want you to do here is
I want you to build a new type of
scanner and this is going to be called
the breakout scanner. It's going to look
at data
for the past
7 days
and it's going to look for a breakout or
breakdown
of any token. Now, since we have HIPP3
connections as well, we're going to be
looking not only at the crypto data, but
also the HIPP3
section. So, at the end of the day, I
want to see a list of up to 10 breakups
and breakdowns that are happening right
now.
It's going to be on 15-minute data for 7
days.
You should be able to get all of that
data from the
API. Let's see here though.
mundave.com/doccks.
Here you have access to this
HIPP3 funding. HIPP3 market data.
Take data.
Seven days.
You can see you can get the 7-day tick
data no problem here for the crypto
side.
Let me know if you can do the same thing
for the HIP3. I don't know if you can
through the Mundev API. So you can look
at mundave.com/doccks,
but if you can't do that, just call the
hyperlquid API directly for, you know,
15-minute data, 7 days. You should be
able to get that.
I'm going to go ahead and add that to
the server right now. So currently,
currently we don't have tick data for
HIPP3 stuff, correct?
Can you look at the top
10 HIPP3 symbols by
by volume
and
can we start collecting that tick data?
Will it hold down our system at all? um
top 10 HIPP3
symbols by volume
based on the last seven days and those
will be our HIPP3 tick datas and um
yeah
send back a API endpoint and directions
to update the moon docs. Thank you.
Okay, so she's cooking on an idea here
just a breakout and breakdown bot. Um, I
think this is going to be interesting to
have and I'll show you the rest of it
later. Well, you're going to be here all
day, so just just lock in. I'll show you
everything. Don't worry.
Entered plan mode over here. Now, while
they are cooking, what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go ahead and do some
stats overviews. You saw that little
tease of the extended stats. Okay, she's
cooking.
So, now let me just go ahead and track
all of this.
track all of these results here in my I
have a note sheet that I track them all
in
count one, two, and three. Let's start
with account one because that seems to
make the most sense
liquidation momentum here. Okay,
grab the equity.
Um,
I need to zoom out a little bit.
Okay, the total volume. And I like to
look at the volume because it is helpful
in um determining
what the Ellie
Where' that number come from?
Star volume of 4 million. Not it.
It's little. Little little little
All right, let's go to account two here.
I got those stats set up here. And she's
clicking over here on the left side.
Don't
>> even think about it, bro. Just keep
going. They don't find out who it was,
they going to be on you.
So let's go to account two here.
Okay. New volume is this
and new balance is that.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Then volume. How much how much volume
was that?
Okay.
Lick momentum RP. So which one is that?
Lick Momentum RP. It's this one.
cooking.
GM GM API keys in the chat
777. Good to see you, Jacob Kate.
I'm doing pretty good, Russo. It's good
to have you.
I set up Cloud Code so it can use
Deepseek. Okay,
so I did that with Miniax and then um I
just switched it back though.
Okay, so account two is accounted for. I
have almost an error. Not an error in
the bot or anything on account one, but
my tracking's effed up.
Tracking big mess up. But that's okay.
That happens sometimes.
I get the gist. I get the gist. I get
the gist. All right. So it looks like
she is
done here. So perfect. Let's go ahead
and read what she has to say. So
breakout scanner here scans both crypto
and HIP3 for breakouts/breakdowns.
Crypto pulls the 15minute candles
directly from hyperlquid API for 7 days.
Um what the hell dude?
How are you getting it from
the moon API and the other one's not?
Silly girl. Silly rabbit.
How does that work? Dude,
it's weird because if you look at the
mundave.com/doccks,
I'm pretty sure we have the tick data
for uh non-HIP3 stuff and you said that
you got it for HIPP3 stuff.
Okay, let's go ahead and see what she
cooked because I don't believe it.
You didn't you didn't cook anything with
this one. I can tell. 15-minute candles.
Okay, found 72. No signal. Okay, so this
is going through hyperlquid signals.
This is fine, too, though. This is fine
as well. I don't need to use my API for
everything, dude. I don't care. I just
want the data. I'm a data dog. It's
faster through there.
Okay, let's keep this tracking going
here. So, I need to go ahead and get the
total volume because I'm watching the
volume because there's more than just
the P&L in in my mind for this one. It's
fire.
There's no way had that much volume,
huh?
Maybe I looked at this one as wrong as
well.
I think that's more likely to be it.
That's more likely.
Okay. What's the ballot? Um,
okay.
Okay. Okay. Those are those two are
cooking, dude. Those two are free.
That's free.
That's free, dude. That's free. Okay.
Now, what's up with this top breakdowns,
breakups?
Breakouts and breakdowns. Could not
fetch for HIPP3. That's what I'm saying,
gang. You silly silly girl.
Okay, so let's go ahead here and see. Uh
the breakout scanner is built here. What
it do?
So, plus two points signal. What the
hell is this? A breakout detection
engine. Okay.
Donian volume spike momentum.
So over here we have the actual server
the API that everybody's running right
now. And you can see here
she build a plan.
So you already have HIPP3 tick data
infrastructure collectors HIPP3 tick
data DB etc. all exist but neither
collector is running. The rest one died
on Jan 29th and I killed it. System
impact is low. HIPP3 data collector so
we'll grab it for oil. Okay. This looks
good to me. Yeah.
So, this is the API that you're on right
now.
People sending their bots up in here,
dude. It's crazy.
They're throwing their bots up in here.
I don't know why.
Fireflies.ai. Bye-bye. No recording.
This is private stuff, dude.
This is private. Speaking of private,
let's put the live chat the public on
the app because this is too private.
There is so much I have to show you here
today. Every single day I'm live, but I
do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundave.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see
every single one of their trades. I also
get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff.
This is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month. And you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondev.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream, which was
$5, and today's stream. So, it's just
five bucks and you get all of that, but
you also get this API key. And I said
this is going to be $1,000 plus per
month. You can see I have a smart money
call. So, things that Wall Street is
looking at, I we can all see with this
API key. It's Hyperlquid's data layer
that I built because I believe uh it
needs a better API in order to call
things faster. I was building out the
quant app here that is essentially
looking at people's liquidations and I
ran into the problem like I need this
data faster. So, I launched a node and
then I made it available for everybody
that comes into the Zooms each day. But
again, they're private Zooms only
because I've got people that are
watching my screen looking for me to
drop a key, drop a AP, I whatever, and
just some sort of vulnerability. I got
hacked, so I just can't show this live
on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my
screen again like this. I'll just have
this up pretty much all day. Uh, these
are my stats from the previous week. Uh,
you can see my stats there. uh since
everybody in YouTube, they seem to just
be coming by to see uh what's in my
pocket. So, um since I started trading
with the Quant app, which is pretty much
my 5 years of experience built into a
downloadable app, I did this because
first off, I don't believe in hand
trading. I'm an automated trader. But I
looked at the data and everybody's still
using 40x leverage. And I looked at I
have over 150,000 people now following
me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on
Twitter, and only a small small
percentage ever took me up on the offer
of learning how to code. I teach you how
to code and then automate your trading.
I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only
a tiny tiny percentage actually did did
that. They actually joined the boot camp
and then out of that maybe 50% of them
actually completed the boot camp. So, I
have the data that 99% of people are
just trading by hand using 40x leverage.
So, I'm trying to solve this problem,
the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm
doing a little bit of kind of hand
trading. I'm not able to enter positions
without liquidations happening. So, I'm
really just taking over people's
liquidations. And why am I taking over
people's liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I I know exactly when they're
entering, when they're exiting, where
they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls
that will go ahead and just keep me uh
into the know of what they're doing plus
every other trader on Hyperlquid.
Hyperlid opened up the financial system
entire world and before this there was
no way for us to see where people get
liquidated. So, based off of this
premise, I've built some really great
automated trading strategies. And since
I am here now building for the public,
building for those 40x hand traders, I
built the Quant app and I'm using that
liquidation strategy or one of the
liquidation strategies. Of course,
there's still intuition here. So, it's
not like you can download this Quant app
and make a million dollars. No way.
There's still some experience and
intuition, but this puts like bumpers
around your trading. You know, there's
risk controls here. I can never use more
than x amount of my account. I can't
lose more than 3% of my account in a
day. Things like that that are just hard
to do as a hand trader. I built into the
quant app, but I think the main feature
is buying and selling around people's
liquidations. Nobody can predict price.
And if you think you can, you're
probably going to get smoked. I think by
now you realize that, hey, within like a
one 2% range, it's really hard to
predict price. So instead of predicting
price, I'm predicting which liquidation
to buy. So for example, I could say when
this guy gets liquidated right here, I
will buy.
So let's go ahead and see how she does
this math.
So single data source everything calls
through hyperlquids candle snapshot
snapshot. Good go. And did this work
here for
top breakouts? I see that. But I don't
see any HIPP3 things in here.
single data sources. Perfect.
Now uses Donian 7day. Okay. So the
breakout math here she went deeper than
I would have which is awesome. So closes
over the upper band closes below the
lower band. Okay. So those that's how
they're calling breakouts through
Ballinger bands. Then we have Donian
channel 7day rolling high low. Okay.
Current high versus current low. Okay.
Volume spike volume over 2x average.
Okay. RSI.
This is interesting. Rate of change. The
two heavy signals are the core breakout
detectors. BB breach. So Ballinger brand
breach means price is statistically
extended. John breach means it's
literally at a 7-day higher low. Okay.
the keys and everything in the chat.
Shimmying. Okay. Shimmy on your way.
Come on. Let's get it.
Keep shimmy. Keep shimmying. Keep
shaking. Keep shimmying. Keep shaking.
Keep stepping on the gas. Keep baking.
Come on. Shimmy, shake, do whatever you
need to do. Let's get it, do.
So, here we got the poly market idea
here going as well.
Five minute copy bot. Okay, the main
fivem minute copy bot. This copies the
whale wallet aka K9 commandant who
turned 5K into 400K. Okay, how it works.
Pulls the target wallet every 10 seconds
for new positions.
Filters to only five minute markets.
Okay. skipping expired resolved stale
positions. Copies new positions
aggressively. Buys both sides up and
down, mirroring the targets asymmetric
strategy. Combining cost under a dollar
per pair, holds to expiry
tracks P&L. There's also the course
liquidations bot 5 minute which is a
standalone
uses mundave API data for 15-minute BTC
up and down
the stat arb idea your concept is solid
and creative here's how I understand
okay so leg one will be poly market buy
the fivem minute up down market binary
leg two would be hybrid liquid take a
partial inverse position as a hedge if
you Buy BTC up on Poly Market short a
small amount of BTC purple on
Hyperlquid. What this gives you more
market neutral. If BTC dumps your Poly
Market up position goes to zero, but
your hyperlid short profits offsetting
the loss. Optionally, you can unleash
one leg by closing the hedge if you see
a big move or liquidation cascade
forming. Essentially, you're buying
cheap optionality on the five-minute
markets while hedging with per
asymmetric payoff. The binary markets
have capp downside $1 max loss,
but the per the per hedge can run
further if there's a real move. Key
considerations for implementation hedge
ratio binary payoff is nonlinear versus
linear per so you'd want a fraction not
one
maybe 20 to 50% timing. Hyperlquid
position needs to open close within the
save 5m minute window. When to unleash
liquidation data from hyper mundave
mundave API could be the trigger to
remove the hedge and let the winning leg
run.
Costa hedge funding rates plus spread on
hyperlquid eat into the guaranteed
spread from both sides. Want me to start
scaffolding?
Yeah, dude. This sounds pretty good
actually.
Source bots.
Hyperlid breakout
source. Data breakout scanner
HIPP3 those are separate hyperlquid.
So HIPP3 no the moon of API HP3 meta
endpoint returns 404 those symbols are
not there.
Okay, this is my bad. Really?
You see this directory here? There
should be a bots, then hyperlquid. I
want you to put that folder in this
folder here. It's my bad. I was working
in the wrong environment. But you can
switch it all up. Make a read me of
exactly what we built in this folder as
well. So I can then and then send me the
link to that read me so I can update the
other AI.
I was just working in the wrong
directory.
Be like that sometimes, dude. It's
tough. Tough world. You make mistakes.
It's okay. Go ahead and launch that
shorty. Thank you.
You going to win some, you going to lose
some, but you live. Fight another day.
That's why we fight with our hands,
baby.
Why we fight with our hands?
That's why we That's why we fight with
our fists, baby. Somebody told me
they're going to give me two shots to
the chest the other day. Savage out
here.
Like what the hell? What you mean two
shots to the chest? I fight with my
fist, boy.
Two shots of the chest. That's a threat.
I wish
Found it both. Okay. So, you found both.
Now, what I want you to do here, this
sounds pretty good, actually. So, what I
want you to do is actually go ahead and
um
yeah, let's go ahead and make a new
folder here. This is going to be called
Poly Hyper folder. And it can be outside
the course, whatever. I don't care. But
you can go ahead and explore this GitHub
here and bring over any keys you need to
bring over because at the end of the
day, I have a bunch of uh trading bots
for Hyperlid that are inside of this
this um GitHub that I'm going to give
you access to here. And you're going to
be able to then go ahead and build this
um this new
this new bot. And it's going to focus
only on BTC. Okay. So when the target
when the guy he takes a trade on BTC,
we're going to follow him, but then
we're going to do 40% opposite on the
other exchange. The other exchange is
Hyperlid. So if we're following this guy
long on uh Poly Market BTC, then we're
going to go ahead and take that limit
short on Hyperlid and it needs to loop
until it fills. I have literally all of
the examples you need are inside of this
bots folder in Hyperlid. So you can
build
>> negotiating with myself. Yeah,
>> the deal was already made. The deal was
made when I set out at the beginning of
the summer and said, "This is training
plan I'm doing." I signed that contract
with myself, doing it.
>> You know, throughout the that process,
you'll start talking to yourself like,
"I think I need to maybe if we nope.
>> This is non-negotiable."
>> Non-negotiable, baby. Let's get it.
Okay. So, she's passing it on over to
her. Okay. So, everything is moved over.
Here's the final layout. Yes. Okay. So,
I'm going to bounce on you now. Thank
you for your service. I love AI, my guy.
Okay. So, you can see we did a little
swifty swap here. I was building the
wrong directory, but then she went ahead
and moved it on over to your directory.
So, you can go ahead and now cook with
this and then let me know how to get the
scanner running. She also said there was
some errors with the HIP3
um data. Make sure that this does get
everything set up correctly so I can go
ahead and run this scanner because the
scanner is teeing off my next bot here.
Okay, thank you. But we're already
built. We already built we already
built. We're building in the bottom
right as well. So
building in the bottom right.
Build in the bottom right, top left.
everywhere. So you can see here, let me
check the current state of the JSON
files and see what the HIPP3 data looks
like. You can see our server is cooking
as well.
What did we build here? Well, actually a
Poly Market
Hyperlid
is what I'm teeing up.
Ah, they cooking on both sides. I love
this game, dude. I love it. Servers up
with all decks is discovered. Okay, so
go ahead and now give me the API update
so I can send it over to my API team.
Make it in a easy way that I can go
ahead and have them test it and then
I'll go ahead and have them update the
documentation. Okay, so send that back
to me nice and um clearly. Okay,
clearly it's aware, dude. Clearly, it's
a word.
So, we got the triple we got the triple
clock codes going right now.
And look who's back on top of the the
leaderboard. Look who's back.
Lookie lookie.
All right. So, I'm grabbing all this
info from the HIP3 tick data server,
whatever update. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get
it. Hyperlquid data layer. Let's bring
her over here and let's say, hey,
shorty, go ahead and test these new
endpoints. Okay. After you test them, if
they all work, then add them to the HIP3
section of the documentation.
Okay, thank you.
I love AI, dude. Just love it.
95 cryptos and 36 HIP3s.
131 active s symbols. Much better.
Much better. Much better. Better and
better every single day. Better and
better. That's all we can ask for is
better and better.
We got the triple. No, we only got
double going. No, we got triple. We got
three going. We got three going.
How's my Solana doing down here? My
Solana bot that is running. And we
should have made her better today. I
think we did. I want to go ahead here
and um
Okay, you have access to all of that.
You're good to go there.
So, they're all cooking for me right
now.
I love this game, dude. I just love
being able to come up with the ideas and
then she goes ahead and executes them.
You can see this is our old one. Okay,
so Poly Hyper. Nice. So now we have a
Poly Market Hyperlid bot and that's
going to be cool, dude, because I'm
seeing all these stat not stat arms. I'm
seeing all these um Poly Market bots
going and I love Stat R because it
allows you to be delta neutral
and who wouldn't want that? Some people
don't like that because they want to
make bajillion dollars overnight. Yada
yada. Okay, that's fine. But I'm not
trying to make a bajillion dollars
overnight.
Just not
John Arnold made $3 billion.
Jesus, dude.
He joined Enron in early 20s and quickly
moved on to the trading desk. By 25, he
was
trader at the biggest energy trading
firm in the industry. His trading book
made Enron $750 million in 2001 alone,
earning him the largest bonus in Enron
history.
When Enron collapsed, Arnold didn't go
down with it. He walked away, took his
bonus, and founded his natural gas hedge
fund.
Over the next 10 years, Centurus had an
annualized return in excess of 100%.
Damn.
During the Amaranth Advisor collapse in
2006, Arnold was on the other side of
the trade. Damn.
Damn, Daniel. Damn.
He was dubbed the king of natural gas by
2007. He was the youngest billionaire in
America.
Then at the peak of his career, he
walked away.
Arnold recently sat down for a rare
in-depth conversation where he broke
down the traits
detached from emotion.
It's tough, bro. that fear and grief
that's certain my certainly my
personality but in terms of traits you
know here's what I would offer is my
traits
>> um number one is
>> um and this detachment from emotion
>> so there's a lot of talk about fear and
greed drive markets and to the extent
that fear and greed change your process
the more you can remove those emotions I
think the better uh I think there is a
component of first and that's certain
certainly my personality but
it developed was back at it again 79
look how much more training I had done
like I said you start right so now you
do that and as the years go on the
separation that you have with your
competitors your peers just grows larger
and larger and larger and larger and
larger by year five or six doesn't
matter what kind of work they do in the
summer they're never going to catch
This should make it so it's I don't know
maybe not. So 10 is the minimum on
hyperlquid. So we do need to increase
the size on poly market. That's my
point. Um
I want to test some things though like
obvious I don't want to do one to one. I
know that. But what is this? This is
like I want I would like to try 40% to
start.
By 40, I mean 80.
By 40, I mean 80, if you know what I
mean. It's like 50% here, 50% there,
which is actually 80% if you look at
100% of the 50%. You know what I'm
saying? Other people probably don't
understand me, but that's okay.
So, I kind of picked 10 and 15 randomly,
but I don't think that's actually 80
40%.
So, let's start with that 80 40% here.
Whatever the math is there, it's like
what 12 to 10 or something.
Okay. So,
uh be an inch wide and a mile deep in
this. it was find this niche and try to
be best in the world at it and don't
expand the focus. Yeah. And so it was
North American gas and power. Um at some
point you know LG started to become
relevant and put a small team in Europe
but mostly for information flow for the
North American gas and power group. uh
there were numerous opportunities to get
into oil, to get into metals or
agriculture or start trading energy
equities for instance and every time
considered it thought stick with stick
with the niche and just focus here and I
think the upside was yeah if we were
successful if if that plan worked and we
were best in the world it was going to
be enormously profitable. The downside
is that the intellect the business plan
I developed was
be an inch wide and a mile deep in this.
It was find this niche and try to be
best in the world at it and don't expand
the focus. Yeah. And so it was North
American gas and power. Um at some point
you know LMG started to become relevant
and put a small team in Europe.
>> I think I watched that twice. My bad.
um being on the perfect point of the
confidence spectrum. So you have
>> We'll go through that later.
Got to stay locked. Appreciate you
sharing that with me.
Done. Here's the update on sizing.
Polyark 15. Okay.
40% hits the minimum. Exposure 25. Okay.
The hatch is now fixed at $10 on
Hyperlid and calculated from a ratio so
it's clean and you always know exactly
what's going on. Easy to tweak. Yeah. So
sometimes when we put $10 trades in on
Hyperlid you round down and that makes
it like $9.99. Just make sure never
round down. If anything you round up to
101. Okay. Thanks shorty.
All done. Here's what I did. Test it
all. End points. Returns 10 symbols with
categories. Okay. Good. Raw ticks. Okay.
Open high, low, close, volume, candles.
Okay. Let me ask this question here for
you, Shy. Hey, so I got a question for
you. Um, with tick data on crypto side,
I know we we're saving 10 10 symbols of
tick data on the um
HIPP3 side.
How many are we calling on
the crypto side?
Yeah. Tick data wise.
So question for you. Question for you
shorty. So um
did you push it? Go ahead and push that
live. It's not what I wanted to ask you.
This is just the wrong person to ask.
So, so 166 on the crypto side tick data
versus 10 on the HIPP3 side. Okay. So,
let's go ahead and give her this. So,
I'll explain this to her now.
I actually have to explain it to a
couple people.
You can see here that we now collect 166
symbols on the crypto side.
And
we'll only look at those top 95 that you
found. And then we will only look at the
um
10 symbols we have tick data here for on
the Mundev API. So what this is going to
do is it's going to turn all of our data
collected into Mundev API. You can go to
mundev.com/doccks
in order to understand how that works to
collect the tech data.
But um I want you to update this to only
have the 95 cryptos and then the 10
HIPP3s all through Mundev API. And yes,
the HIPP3 stuff is new. So there's only
like 10 minutes of data and it's going
to be 20 and then 30 and 40. So use what
you can, you know, if it doesn't have
enough data, then you're just going to
go ahead and um
yeah, let's just back fill it. So when
it doesn't have the 7 days of data,
we're just going to have it go call the
uh
hyperlquid API. Okay. For the other
stuff, we should use the Munddev
API data. You have all the instructions
here. The moon.com/doccks
doesn't quite have that updated yet, but
I will update it now. So go ahead and
build this. Thank you.
Okay. So, let me get to the mundash.
Mundave.com/doccks.
I need you to make this update and make
sure that it's very clear that it's only
the 10 symbols on HIPP3 for the tick
data
because these are the highest volume
symbols. Okay. Thank you.
So, let's go ahead and give her all of
this is from the node directly. So, you
have access to a hyperlquid node now.
Just because you locked in for a short
short time. So, good job, bro. Good job.
You got the key and everything. And if
you don't have the key, I'm about to
drop it again because I'll drop it every
few minutes cuz I know people come in
and out. So, much love to you. 777
pushed live. So we now have this live on
that GitHub. So this is my only public
GitHub. Everything else is private. Why?
Because I'm a quant dude. Nobody shares
this stuff in general. So why am I going
to put it all out for free? I'm not.
I'm not. I'm not. My two private GitHubs
are private just for some people in this
chat.
Hyperlquid data layer is a public public
thing. So I do have open source. This is
open source and I just updated it here 3
minutes ago. So you have access to this
GitHub where well go to the
moon.com/doccks
and click GitHub and it should take you
there.
Hyperlquid
stat
market.
Okay. Mundave done. Math. Seal.
Beautiful. You'll hit the 10.01 instead
of the 9.99. Beautiful, shorty. All
right. Sweet. So, what's the full path
to run this? Ho.
So, she's going to rewrite these files
here, and I'm going to go ahead and cook
this.
You're gone. Oh, I wanted to see if this
works, too. Nice, dude. Very, very, very
subtle update I made there, and it it it
just ruined me so many times. I'll tell
you just because I said it. But if I'm
over here and I need to click, like I'm
clicking into this AI over here, I'll
click it, right? Like I'm not in the app
right now. I'm on the browser. I'll
click the app and be meaning to kill
this instance. So I'll click it and then
I'll hit command CC. But in the past, I
would have to click it again to
highlight it. So just these subtle
updates. This is just going to get so
sick. So if you're coding with me, if
you code anything like me, I'm building
this exactly for how I code. Dude, my
biggest problem here was, you know, cla
code sick, but how are you gonna tab
through and try to find all your quad
codes? I don't know about you, but that
was killing me.
That was slowing me down so big.
So, 29,467
need to remember that.
Okay.
Push live. Okay. Done. Okay. And this is
the bot here. So, this is what we built
already today.
you have naturally skill is only
developed by hours and hours and hours
of beating on your craft. Hours and
hours and hours.
double check that it doesn't print out
any keys or public private keys in this
uh print out and make sure that the
printouts are fun, nice and use term
color in order for me to be able to
visually engage with this and understand
what's going on. I obviously need all of
the necessary information printed out in
the terminal. Thank you.
But no private keys, EMVs, etc.
Okay. So, I'm about to run this up here
in the top.
Okay, let's see here.
Volume snapshot. Okay, everything's
working now. Here's the summary. Volume
snapshot. 64 cryptos plus 10 hips 74
symbols of scanned okay filter to only
symbols Mundev API tracks 129 track top
50% by volume okay all 10 symbols from
Munda API okay
volume snapshot crypto symbols cross
reference with the moon API breakout
scanner okay so what's the full path to
the breakout scanner can you give me the
full path to the breakout scanner thank
you
okay And then I'm going to go ahead and
say update here. And I'm going to bring
this over here. And then I'm going to go
ahead and put her I'm going to get her a
buy here. I'm going to say TF float,
bro. And then I'm going to say
I'm going say that copy path.
Okay, now I have copy path. Now let's
run this new scanner we built because
this te's everything off. You can see I
already built a stat arb in the bottom
right. I already built a stat bot, dude.
I built a style art bot today and we are
teen up for this breakout as well. And
this isn't your your grandma's breakout
bot. This is your AI's breakout bot.
Doesn't work though. So, you know,
it's what it is. [__] is what it is.
Okay. You can see we got a little bug
here. Go ahead and fix it. Thank you,
Shorty.
Okay. So, clean. No keys, nothing. Okay.
Let's go ahead and see what that uh the
uh
the path is.
Send me the full path. Thank you. God,
that is the laziest thing you could ever
do. And I do it often.
I do it often, dude. I've done it like
six times today. It's embarrassing.
Run it.
ETH account. What are you talking about?
Come on, boy. What are you talking
about?
Okay, dude.
You have all the examples in the world
over here. So, um I don't know what to
tell you, bro.
Lock in. That's all I got to tell you.
You're the goat. I'm here for you.
You're here. I'm here. We're here. But
that that's a silly mistake. T flow,
bro. We're in there. Okay, CD. Okay,
we're I've done my part. I've done my
part. I can't do anything else. I can't
do more than that. I can't do more than
that because here, let's give her a bot
that's actually
connected. Connected. Um,
yeah, dude. This should be fine. Well,
that's that's AR. I mean, that's uh
HIPP3.
Give her a good example.
I'm cooking you guys on the leaderboard.
By the way,
I knew you didn't want to compete.
No one's going to save it, dude. Ain't
nobody going to save you, dude. You
can't compete. I can't.
Okay, now we're scanning all 64. Look at
this breakdown on ETH. Really? For real?
For real.
We'll look at that at the end here. Look
at that at the end.
Yeah, dude. I knew that was a I didn't
know I didn't know that. I didn't know
that was a problem. But I never use
Python 3. Why do you even use that is my
question.
Hyperlid key not found in ENV. Okay, let
me go ahead and so this is in poly
market trading bots. Okay, so let me
open that up. Code
So if you don't have the code dot locked
yet, you got to get that locked, bro. So
let's go over here to the ENV
some of these things. It says Jan here
website back testing course poly market
main poly hyper. Okay, polyhyper env
here. Okay, I need to get my key and my
env. So what kind of key does it need?
Well, it sold it told me right here. So,
let me go ahead and say hyper liquid
key.
Hey yo, shorty. I I done told you.
Please go ahead and bring it over. But
that's okay. I'll do it myself. I don't
want you snooping in there anyways. So,
let's go to Moon Trading Bots. I'm on my
EMV. So, this is very scary to me. I'm
very scared right now. Let's go to EMV
here. Okay. Hyperlid key. Okay.
Save that up. Okay, now we're in there.
Swimwear. Let's go ahead and close all
of this so I never open the EMV key
again. Okay, let's run it back.
Checking USDC. Poly market USDC. Yeah.
So, we're cooked, dude.
current account value.
Is that fact though?
No, it says I have 70 to trade here.
Hm.
So, this must be getting the wrong
cuz it says zero on Hyperlid and zero on
Poly Market.
So, make sure on Poly Market that you're
using the main account, not like
account, not like one of those sub
accounts.
You could look at like my no market bot
to see what account that's using. Use
that one because right now it's showing
that I have $0 in my Poly Market
account, but I have 70 cash,
portfolio of 546.
And then let's see what might be going
on here. Let's go ahead and fix that
first off
and then see what may be going on here
with the Hyperlid one
h
the current account value. Let me go.
Maybe I was using a different account
because I could have sworn I had this
set up to be mine. I'll figure it out.
app.hyperlquid.
Tricky part is I can't log on to either
of those while I'm on stream.
Run it again.
N it's still cooked. Dude,
you have my lit. You can see the account
right there.
Don't run with the if everyone is trying
to solve the same problem hope people
that's the latest greatest thing to do.
Don't do that. Do something original.
Don't follow that.
Yes, that's correct. It's not raw. It's
in Poly Market.
All
right. Well, I might lose you for half a
second.
So, she's working on that error, which
is nice.
Hyper poly, but
All you really got to do is look at my
no market bot to see how we get the on
Let's see if this works now.
Total exposure 24 per bay poly market
portfolio balance hyperlquid cash. So
almost almost
getting closer but you can see that it
doesn't get my cash still. So, it says I
have 470 balance, but in reality, Dad, I
have that plus the cash. And you could
see the screenshot on Poly Market here.
So, go ahead and fix that. Thank you.
What the hell? And the no market bot
should show exactly how to do this.
Thank you.
And if it doesn't, go ahead and look at
one of the other bots on this until you
can see my cash of $70. Okay. Thank you.
And then once you figure out the
problem, go ahead and implement the poly
hyperbot. Thank you.
Perfect timing.
And then let's go here to poly market
code dot
and change this up a bit. Oh my god, my
API my key is open.
Let's see if this gets this new one. I
just switched my accounts on
Hyperliquid.
There should be at least some cash in
there.
Checking balances.
I probably go to 128.
Interesting.
So many so many hype accounts, dude. So
much hype around here.
So many hyper accounts, dude. This one's
fine. This one's fine. This one's fine,
my guy. This one's fine. We'll use that
one. Okay.
done the fix. Instead of checking
onchain USDC, which returns zero, it now
checks the club get allowance. Okay,
let's see if this is all set up because
if so, then we've built what we wanted
to build. No way.
[__]
Let's make sure we're good everywhere
here as well
because remember we built out that
breakout scanner. That's going to be
very very nice for me.
So fix both issues. Let's go ahead and
see if she fixed them. Dude, you can see
breakout scanner. py. Okay. So I'm
looking for all the different breakouts
here. BB breakdown. Okay.
So ETH, it says it's in a breakdown.
Wow.
Ether
on the 15 minutes, I guess. Technically,
technically, technically technicalities.
Oh, and what I'm going to do here is I'm
on the VV right now. So, I'm going jump
off the VV
because it's chopping. So, if I lose you
here,
>> afraid to die on a trip. afraid to die
on a treadmill. You might have more
talent than me. You might be smarter
than me. But if we get on the treadmill
together, right? There's two things.
You're getting up first or I'm going to
>> and die.
It's really that simple.
>> Quite simple, dude. Quite simple.
So, I'm just going to go ahead and keep
running it up because the way I look at
this Solana stuff, I know it I know it
Solana season is not here. I get that.
But I'm doing it for us. I'm doing it
for me. I'm doing it for me. But
at the end of the day, that's how I
justify going a little bit harder is
because if I am paying
couple hundred bucks a month here to
have a scanner on Solana to see what is
actually trending.
This I this was very very profitable
when Solana season was here. So, my
justification is if I'm paying a couple
hundred bucks a month to have this
Solana scanner running and buying tokens
early and seeing what flows to the top,
then it's not just for me. Yes, it is
for me. All this is for me, but
I believe CO's a great equalizer. So, I
share it all. I share it all. So, I can
take L's here on the Salonabot side to
see what's actually trending to the top.
And if I look at this each day, I'm not
saying any of this is going to make you
money, but it's like m it's a
multiplier, right? It's not me just
looking at this stuff. It's everybody's.
So, I don't know. I I'll stay locked
with Solana because
there's nothing more fun than that,
dude. There's nothing more fun than soul
season. I'm sorry. I optimize for fun.
I'm going to start all these over. These
are multiple bots here I have running
and incubating and I'm starting them
over because I've jumped off the VV a
couple times here. Jumped on and then
jumped off.
I need to go claim a bunch of cash here
on the these Poly Market bots, but
again, I got to jump back on the VV to
do that. So, I'll go ahead and do that
after this so they can keep going. But
yeah, dude. I think we finished this.
Let's see.
This timed out because I broke it. So,
let's go ahead and run it back. This is
our scanner setting up for tomorrow's
breakout bots that I want to build.
Today, I wanted to build this stat R
bot. And I feel like we have
[__] is you can see break up 7day new
high RLC plus 27 ZRO this one asked her
break down. Okay, so there's all types
of ideas I can pull from here.
Glad you're here. Much love to you. I'm
glad you're locked today because I'm
locked every single day.
And I'm down to show you everything.
Python still revolves in base. You need
the full path.
What the hell? What? What am I even
doing, dude?
I don't even know what I'm doing here.
So,
just got to cook it.
Python. Run it.
So, I run these no market bots from this
Python environment, the TFlow
environment. So, they should work. Um,
it seems like now that we're combining
the hyperlquid and the poly market that
they're breaking,
please fix.
Hi, I entered a bit late due to work.
Can I get the API key? You can. A lot
late, but not a definitely not a bit.
Definitely not a bit, but welcome.
Definitely far far from a bit. Actually,
this is a bit close to the end.
But you made it. You made it. You made
it.
Let me see if I can answer any questions
here. Uh, I'm just going to be debugging
this here. So, I'm gonna get it fixed
and running here. Um, this here, the
scanner is ready for tomorrow's spots.
Break down.
Okay, these are breakdowns.
Break out, break up,
and then how is this doing?
Zero if you're trying the hyperlquid
back fill. Okay.
I need a little more information here on
these HIP3s to be real with you.
Can you add a little bit more
information here when
you see the um the HIPP3s using the back
fill? Like I don't know what it's doing
from here. Is it analyzing? Did it see
nothing, you know?
Get poly balance.
Let's lock in. Bro,
this isn't a hard problem. Go ahead and
iterate till it's fixed.
Okay, perfect. So, now this is going to
give us a little bit more information.
This is the breakouts.
Who are the people that post studies to
the quant elite? What's their research
process? Their research process is my
research process. I hire those people.
They're on my team. They are quants that
are going through this. They're going
through papers
across the internet, going through
videos and coming up with trading
strategies from those and writing them
nice and concisely for me. But I believe
CO is a great equalizer. So I share them
with you, anybody that is willing to
dive in if you truly want bots trading
for you for the rest of your life and
not have to worry about the ins and
outs.
This channel here are strategies broken
down from PhD papers, YouTube videos,
podcasts. I hired these quants to do
that for me. And then they take it to
the next level and they post code based
off of these strategies that they write
and give to you so you can automate your
trading.
They give them to you and I. I just have
them put in a public forum for us.
So
I don't know just sometime some days you
wake up and you just don't have any
ideas for yourself. So just jump in
here, grab one of these ideas. It's a
starting point. Get your brain going.
It's kind of like I don't know sometimes
you don't want to go to the gym and all
you got to do is go to the gym and
you'll start working out.
Some days you don't have the inspiration
or the idea of a strategy to test out.
Okay, well here's all of the papers that
are hard to read
broken into nice short strategies and
then those strategies are back tested
and there's also like bunch of code I
put in here bots and stuff. It's
essentially where I drop all my code
that in the GitHub. So, let's go see
Hyperliquid
Stat ARB Poly Market.
Now, it'll work no matter no matter
what. Yeah, let's see about that. Dude,
this seems like a little uh Miniax
problem, dude. Are you Miniax? Are you
Miniax? Because you acting like Miniax.
[__] bro.
Kindly
I ask you to lock in
at a high level. What strategies are you
currently running? The highest level
you're going to get, dog, is watching
over my shoulder. Nobody's going to give
you a plug-and-play bot. Nobody's going
to tell you their edge.
This is the high level. You pay five
bucks to come see the high level. You
want the details? That's something
entirely different.
Obviously can't just sit here and teach
all day. So I don't I don't even try. I
threw that video that shows you my
system the that I follow in order to
come up with profitable trading bots
that trade for me 24/7 365 while I
sleep. You can see we now have this bot
finished here today. So the stat art bot
is live. We are good to go. Now I will
take some time to answer the chat. I got
a lot of work to do today. So, I'm going
to stay locked, but let me go ahead and
um answer the chat as you guys did find
me somehow and you guys are stepping on
the gas, dude. So, I love to see it. I
love to see it and I'll answer any
questions that you have here in the
chat. Let me go ahead and scroll up
because I know I built
>> Imagine you had everything you wanted.
Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
Capture that feeling.
That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
>> All right, I'm scrolling to the top.
777, good to see you. Kenny Kelly P,
good to see you. Amco, throw 777 if you
guys are still locked here today. Artail
777, good to see you. Ingrid, scrolling
up to the top. Make sure that I answer
all questions I do see here. Hi, Mundev.
How are you? I'm doing great. Rosas, how
are you? Thank you for locking in today.
Thank you for dropping that bash script.
Ingrid.
Uh, you can see here this bot is running
fine now because I did add a little bit
of cash. Where can I get the API keys? I
think I already answered that. LFG777
K. Jacob Timmy Pwell, we're locked,
dude. Arnold, hi. How you doing, dude?
Everybody's got the API key. Good
morning, Dev. I'm new to this. How long
do we have access to the API? Get to
learn to the content uh in the road map.
you have 24 hoursish, but sometimes it's
longer because I don't come back the
next day. Um, I bought the AI master
classes going through YouTube. Is there
a way to get lifetime API key if I don't
want to join the full course? Um, the
only way to get the lifetime API key is
this. I don't have the time. I'm chasing
Jim Simons, the $ 31 billion man. I've
got enough profitable bots. I don't need
your guys' money. If you want everything
I have, including the API key,
mundab.comgo.
Get your trading bots live. At the end
of the day, I'm gonna help you get bots
live.
Even if you don't know how to code, I
I'll I'll help you get your bots live.
Have live trading bots for the rest of
your life that trade without emotion.
That's why I teach you in the algo trade
camp. The AI master classes shows you
how to use AI like I do. Do all the
heavy lifting. Solana, you're able to
build on Solana. That's important. You
got to be able to build for all
platforms. You saw me build for Poly
Market today. Solana, Hyperlquid.
This is just the fast track, dude. You
can see what's on here. It's
mundave.com/go.
1795, which is a crazy price because
this is literally 5 years of my
knowledge and secrets to get you caught
up to speed with me as quickly as
possible. So, the way I look at it is,
is your five years of tinkering worth
1795?
Yes. And I've been doing this for 5
years and I've had intelligent engineers
telling me where to go, what to do this
entire time. I've had people from Jim
Simon's firm come in here and give me
ideas.
Your five years and my five years are
not the same. But you have an option to
get everything I know here. Short sites
videos. And you were just asking about
the API key. So I wanted to show you
this API key is no joke. $10,000 value
for obvious reasons. If you go try to
buy the liquidation data from somewhere
else, it's going to cost you 900 a month
and for 12 days I give you 18 months.
Both my GitHubs here, Moonv App Access,
you can see what other people have to
say. Um, I'm going to be here every
single day stepping on the gas, just
getting further and further, making more
and more separation from everybody else.
You can make the decision if you'd like.
I got to get back to work.
Let me keep answering some questions
here.
This is cool and I'm excited to get all
of all this up and running.
He says, "Is my energy better spent
inside the course first to get a better
understanding of everything or should I
be here picking up the latest stuff?"
Uh, I would say to answer your question,
where should you spend your time? If you
are, if your goal is to get live trading
bots trading for you 24/7, then
definitely spend your time in the course
and if you understand everything that's
in the course and all of these mini
courses and all the code, if you
understand all of that, I've gotten a
bunch of questions today like how do I
get caught up to speed? You'll be caught
up to speed with me and then these zooms
will make much more sense. So definitely
uh join or if you're not in it already,
that's how you get up to speed. And it
since you are in it already definitely
spend your time
on learning and then you can go ahead
and then understand what I'm actually
doing today. How do I set up everything
what I see? Um Arnold asked how do I set
up everything? Again I'll defer to this
as I can't teach this every day. I'm
chasing Jim Simons $ 31 billion man. You
know, this is mundab.com/go
here and you can get caught up to speed
with me if you want, but I'm locked
every day and I'm just going to get
further and further away. If you want to
get caught up to speed, that's fine. If
not, that's fine as well. There is a
90-day money back guarantee and a couple
payment options. You can pay with cash,
crypto, credit, etc. If you need to
split into two payments, do that.
See if there's any other questions here.
Who are the people that post in the
strategy section? Those are my team of
quants. You have access to everything
now. So now I have this bot running here
today and then we also have this here uh
this scanner that is kind of teeing off
tomorrow. So you can see no signal.
Okay, perfect. So it does get the sign
signal for HIP3 and also it gets the
signal for crypto. So now I have a
scanner that is running 24/7 365 looking
for breakouts not only across crypto but
across futures, stocks, etc. That's
pretty amazing.
And today we built a somewhat of a
statistical arbitrage bot. It's going to
be longing on one place and shorting on
another one. Please can you reply to my
email for the member key? Still be here
every day.
Yeah. If you're part of the lifetime
art, you got the member key. I'll send
it to you here soon. I hope it hasn't
been too long. We got a team sitting
there. I mean, could you tell me
actually how long ago you emailed? I
just want to make sure that that is not
falling too slow. So, how long ago did
you shoot this in email?
Want to make sure that team is tight. I
don't handle it, but I, you know, I
obviously oversee the team. So, you can
see that this is selling right now. The
Solana bot. I think it's important to be
able to trade across all markets. That's
why you see me building today for Poly
Market, Sana Extended, and Hyperliquid.
This is crazy. Do you share your poly
market strategies in your full course in
my full course? This is lifetime access
to everything and I go over four
different polyarket trading bots here
inside of the poly market trading
course. So everything you've seen me
build today is stemmed from what I teach
here in the poly market trading bot
course.
So there's four full bots and the whole
goal here is not to give you a
plugandplay make a million dollars
overnight. I think that's stupid. I
think it's all fake. If somebody says
they're going to give you a
plug-and-play, that bot is going to zero
cuz it's just math. Check out something
called Ask AI about alpha decay. But
what I can do is teach you how to build
bots with your ideas across all of these
platforms. So, Poly Market, Solana,
Hyperlquid, Coinbase, Binance, whatever.
And then you could go ahead and learn or
be able to build anything for the rest
of your life. So, it's like the whole
premise of give a man a fish, he'll eat
for a night or teach a man how to fish,
he'll feed his family for the rest of
his life. So, if you want live trading
bots that run 24/7 like you've seen
today, this is the option.
Moonab.com/go.
That's just answering your question.
Simgolf. Um, another question here in
the public chat. How many agents do you
have? How many is necessary? I have an
agent for anything that I need to do
that is repetitive. So, today you saw
one of my agents pop up here. It's my
guardian agent. It's always looking at
my computer in order to see when I'm
running out of resources. And it saved
me at the start of today. We fixed it.
Okay. I have other agents running that
are listening to my voice and coming up
with ideas based off of what I actually
do each day. And that's pretty fire. So,
what I'm doing and then also I have
agents that find good parts of these
these uh lives and turn them into short
parts because a lot of people ask for
short videos. But how can how can I make
short videos when I'm chasing a a long
long man? $31 billion is a lot. I'm not
here to make videos. If you want to
watch, come to the Zoom. If you don't,
that's okay. I'll be here tomorrow and
the next day and the next day and the
next day. You can learn everything if
you'd like. You know where to go.
I message you when you want to meet up
in PR. Probably never. Probably never,
bro. Be honest.
I like to keep it I like to keep it A9.
But maybe I already know you. Maybe I
already know you. That's the thing. I'm
somewhat active. I'm not super active,
but moon.com/backtest.
How long have you uh
how long have you had back test data? I
have back test data. Um, you can have
data. If you go to the data tab, you can
get data for the last 10 years, dude.
It just depends how much data is there.
For a lot of the crypto symbols, I have
data from the start.
Like BTC, you can get 10 plus years.
Back test
you have naturally skill is only
developed by hours and hours and hours
on your
damn he builds so fast he doesn't even
know what back test is.
Okay. Yeah. This is some data I was
testing a bunch of back tests on.
These are some back tests that I was
uploading to this website for a while.
Let's see here. I don't think it's
uploading anymore though.
3526.
Looks like we are uploading a bit. So,
I'm trying to move everything into the
corn. Move that up here.
But yeah, we got a lot done today. Um,
as there's no more questions, I will
leave now. Much love to you guys. 777.
Check out your emails. Check out um
Discord if you want to come back. I'll
be here tomorrow and the next day and
the next day and the next day.
Much love to you guys. Thank you so much
for locking in today. Vince, much love.
Kelly, good to see you. Kenny,
appreciate everybody coming through
today. We'll be back back tomorrow and
the next day and the next day. I've got
this running here. I'm going to let it
keep running all day today. No active
BTC positions from Target. Okay,
tomorrow I really want to work on this
breakout uh because this is interesting.